So one last thing to know before we wrap up with our easy to section is to learn how to terminate easy
to instances.
So to do that let's just create another method to terminate instance and let's just check out the signature
of this method self underscore client terminate instances.
So and as you can see it has a very similar structure with the start and stop instances methods.
So all we have to do is provide instance IDs to this method.
And so I just want to shut down a single instance.
I just want to provide instance Id all right within a list format.
And I also passed this within my method parameters and I'm going to say in a print statement terminating
easy to instance and also the instance Id just like that.
So let's go back to our main implementation and in there again another method for terminate instance
right within this method.
I'm going to do a very similar thing again.
I'm just going to copy this client retrieval calls and I'm just going to use them too easy to dot terminate
instance and within that terminate instance I'm going to pass in the private easy to instance ID and
I'm going to be expecting it to be terminated on A W-S.
So that's everything I need to terminate an instance on A W-S.
So let's just go down here and comment out the start instance call and at our terminate instance call
just like that.
So I'm going to hit Crohn and check out the AWOS console and hit refreshed.
And as you can see our instance is being shut down on a deal with us within a couple of seconds or maybe
couple of minutes depending on the size of the U.S. two instances and the resources they use.
It's going to be set to terminate it with a red mark indicating the termination status.
So this is basically have to terminate the two instances on a deal with us as you can see it's kind
of that simple to do with with Python and both all three.
So in the next videos we're going to wrap up what we learn in this section and what we actually learn
in easy too.
So I'll be seeing you on the next video to wrap things up.